>> Steve Kinney: Your mission is to
do the Show in Default Application,
which is as we saw briefly,
the open item one.
Theoretically, if you wanted as a bonus,
there is apparently the ability
to move a file to trash.
That could be fun as well.
And so, just to see, let's just
look one more time at the shell and
what it has to offer.
I don't know what shell.beep does.
I'll leave that as an exercise for
the reader.
Open external is the one that we would
use to open it in the actual browser.
And so remember when I made
that link we clicked on it and
we had inception of the live stream.
In this case, you could actually
open it up in Chrome instead.
So your mission is to implement
the ability to show it in
the default application.
And then we'll come right back and
we'll take a look at that one together.